Updates for GitBucket 4.30.0 release (#2214)
gitbucket/gitbucket: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All changes to the project will be documented in this file.

## 4.30.0 - xx Dec 2018
- Automatic ChangeLog Summary generation for new Releases

> - Allot of GitBucket Web API updates to increase compatibility with the GitHub API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A lot of GitBucket Web API updates to increase compatibility with the GitHub API.
```
